agricultural.land.consumption
                        This function calculates the amount of
                        high-value agricultural land that is estimated
                        to become urban settlements, between the base
                        year and the horizon year.
amenities.checker       This function adjust the vector layer that
                        cointains information about urban amenities,
                        standardize the CRS and ensure the points and
                        polygons are inside the area of interest
amenities.proximity     This function calculates the total and the
                        percentage of the population that lives within
                        the maximum recommended distance to each of the
                        following urban public services and amenities:
                        schools, health facilities (clinics and
                        hospitals), cultural facilities (community
                        centers, libraries, theaters), worship places,
                        markets, sport facilities, public spaces
                        (parks, green areas, squares, playgrounds), and
                        any other provided.
biodiversity.land.consumption
                        This function calculates the amount of valuable
                        natural land that is estimated to become urban
                        settlements, between the base year and the
                        horizon year.
cycle_proximity         This function calculates the total and the
                        percentage of the population that lives within
                        a maximum recommended distance from a cycle
                        track
cycle_track_density     This function calculates the cycle track
                        kilometers per square kilometer of urban area.
green.area.pcapita      This function calculates the total green area
                        within the urban area (forests, parks, gardens,
                        etc.) per inhabitant.
green.land.consumption
                        This function calculates the amount of valuable
                        natural land that is estimated to become urban
                        settlements, between the base year and the
                        horizon year.
hazard.exposure         This function calculates the number and
                        percentage of the population that is exposed to
                        hazards because they live within the zone of
                        influence of natural and anthropogenic sources.
infill                  This function calculates the amount of land
                        that was located within the boundaries of the
                        urban area in the base scenario and that at
                        least doubled its population between the base
                        year and the horizon year. It is also known as
                        intensification area.
intersection.density    This function calculates the average number of
                        urban crossroads per unit of area. This
                        indicator is a proxy for pedestrian
                        accessibility across the urban area.
jobs.proximity          This function calculates the percentage of the
                        population that lives within 1,000 m from the
                        areas with high job density in the urban area.
land.consumption        This function calculates land consumption
                        between two urban growth scenarios. Land
                        consumption is the amount of land predicted to
                        change from natural habitats or agricultural
                        uses into urban human settlements between the
                        base year and the horizon year.
land.cover.areas        This function calculates areas for each land
                        cover in a specific scenario
land.cover.loss         This function calculates the amount of a
                        specific land coverage that is become to a
                        different land cover, between different
                        scenarios. This indicator can be calculate for
                        a specific land coverage loss or different
                        coverages including in the same raster.
non.cero                This function change the values in the raster
                        to convert values higher than 0 into 1 and NA
                        values into 0
one.cero                This function change the values in the raster
                        to convert values higher than 0 into 1 and NA
                        values into 0
one.na                  This function change the values in the raster
                        to convert values higher than 0 into 1 and NA
                        values into 0
population.density      This function calculates population density in
                        a scenario. Population density is the amount of
                        inhabitants per built-up area in a scenario
public.transport.proximity
                        This function calculates the total and the
                        percentage of the population that lives within
                        a maximum recommended distance from a public
                        transport station, according to the transport
                        classification.
rasterchecker           This function read and resample the rasters and
                        convert all the raster data into a stack
roads.density           This function calculates the roads kilometers
                        per square kilometer of urban area.
roads.length            This function calculates the roads kilometers
                        per each fclass in the study area
tot.pop                 This function calculates the total population
                        of a specific scenario or year
urban.footprint         This function calculates the urban footprint
                        for a specific scenario/year
